feat(components): close button web component (#3880)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation/src/stories/components/buttons/close-button/close-button.docs.mdx

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';
import * as CloseButtonStories from './close-button.stories';

<Meta of={CloseButtonStories} />

<div className="docs-title">
  # Close button

  <nav>
    <link-design of={JSON.stringify(CloseButtonStories)}></link-design>
  </nav>
</div>

<div className="lead">
  The close button is a web component. It is a slightly adapted version of the icon button, intended
  for a specific use case.
</div>

<Canvas sourceState="shown" of={CloseButtonStories.Default} />
<div className="hide-col-default">
  <Controls of={CloseButtonStories.Default} />
</div>

> ## Usage in other components

Reviewer: Now that I see it described on the docs page, the whole topic doesn't really seem to make life any easier for developers. Because they have to do everything as intended, but can only omit the definition of the slot prop on the `<post-closebutton>` component during implementation.

On the other hand, it can be a source of confusion because they need to know about this custom behaviour when reading the HTML code of a component using the close button.

My suggestion: Show the docs page to the team (e.g. in the daily), so they can decide if we really want to implement it or discard the idea.

> The `<post-closebutton>` component has a slot attribute itself (`<post-closebutton slot="post-closebutton">`) so that it can be easily added to other components without having to specify a slot name on the component when used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When used in other components, the component `<post-closebutton>` will always try to place itself in the predefined slot named `post-closebutton`. This is to simplify the use of the `<post-closebutton>` component, as the other components only have to define the slot with the corresponding name in themselves, without having to define it again on the `<post-closebutton>` component during implementation.
```

> Definition of a component needing close button web component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Definition of a component using the `<post-closebutton>` web component:
```

> <Canvas sourceState="shown" of={CloseButtonStories.SlotComponent} />

Reviewer: This could be a simple code snippet. No need for a story here.
Use the storybook block `<Source/>` to implement a code snippet defined in a *.sample.html` file.

See for example the carousel component to learn how to do this.

> Integration of the web component, with the post-closebutton going directly into the `name="post-closebutton"` slot defined above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration of the above defined web component, with the `<post-closebutton>` going directly into its named slot `post-closebutton`.
```

> <Canvas sourceState="shown" of={CloseButtonStories.Slot} />

Reviewer: Same here, a simple code snippet would be enough.
